pom_remove_dep(7)
=================
:doctype:	manpage
:man source:	JAVAPACKAGES
:man manual:	Java Packages Tools

NAME
----
pom_remove_dep - remove dependency on Maven artifact from POM file

SYNOPSIS
--------
*%pom_remove_dep* [OPTIONS]
\[groupId]**:**[artifactId][**:**version[**:**scope]] [POM-location]...

*%pom_remove_dep* [OPTIONS]
\[org]**:**[name][**:**rev[**:**conf[**:**transitive]]]
[Ivy-module-location]...

OPTIONS
-------

*-r*::
Work in recursive mode. That means that dependency is also removed from
all enabled submodules of given POM file(s).

*-f*::
Do not throw an error when one of the specified files doesn't contain
given dependency.


DESCRIPTION
-----------
This macro patches specified POM file not to contain dependencies on
given Maven artifact.

groupId and artifactId are identifiers of Maven group and artifact of
the module on which dependency is to be removed.  If they are ommited
then all identifiers are matched.

When modifying Ivy modules, the org and name correspond to the Maven
groupId and artifactId.

POM location can be either a full path to the POM or Ivy file, or a path
to the directory containing *pom.xml* or *ivy.xml*.  If POM location is
not given then *pom.xml* or *ivy.xml* from current working directory is
used. When both *pom.xml* and *ivy.xml* are present, *pom.xml* is
processed. You can specify more file locations. If the dependency is not
found in all of given files, the command raises an error. This can be
overriden with the `-f` option.


EXAMPLES
--------
*%pom_remove_dep com.example:* - this call removes dependency on all
artifacts with groupId *com.example* from POM in current working
directory.

*%pom_remove_dep boo:bar target/location* - this call removes
dependency on artifacts with groupId *foo* and artifactId *bar* from
*target/location/pom.xml*.

AUTHOR
------
Written by Mikolaj Izdebski.

REPORTING BUGS
--------------
Bugs should be reported through Java Pacakges Tools issue tracker at
Github: https://github.com/fedora-java/javapackages/issues.

SEE ALSO
--------
*pom_add_dep*(7),
*pom_add_parent*(7),
*pom_add_plugin*(7),
*pom_disable_module*(7),
*pom_remove_parent*(7),
*pom_remove_plugin*(7),
*pom_change_dep*(7),
*pom_set_parent*(7),
*pom_xpath_inject*(7),
*pom_xpath_remove*(7),
*pom_xpath_replace*(7),
*pom_xpath_set*(7).
